Simplify home page and admin page patterns (#39)
tinacms/tina-cloud-starter: README.md

- 📐 [Content Modeling](#content-modeling)
- 💡 [Local development workflow tips](#local-development-workflow-tips)

## What is this?

> This is a [TinaCMS](https://tinacms.org)-enabled Next.js app, so you can edit your content on a live page. If you've seen a TinaCMS project before, this one might look a little bit different. On this project we're using the Tina file-based CMS via GraphQL. It's powered by a schema that you define, and with that it not only serves content from markdown files in your repo, but it also generates TinaCMS forms for you automatically. You can read more about why we built this [here](), otherwise, let's get started...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a [TinaCMS](https://tina.io)-enabled Next.js app, so you can edit your content on a live page. In this project the Tina file-based CMS is used via GraphQL: it's powered by a schema that _you_ define.  It not only serves content from Markdown files in your repository, but it also generates TinaCMS forms for you automatically ✨.

 Feel free to read more about [why we built this](). Now, let's get started!
```

Be sure this is your default export from this file, we'll validate the schema and build out the GraphQL API with it.

### `collections`

> The top-level key in the schema is an array of _collections_, a `collection` informs the API about _where_ to save content. You can see from the example that a `pages` document would be stored in `content/pages`, and it can be the shape of any `template` from the `templates` key.

Reviewer 2: I wonder if the example schema here should avoid referencing a `pages` collection in the same way the starter's `schema.ts` was changed.
